feat(location): support RouteCalculator (#30682)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-location-alpha/README.md

const placeIndex = new location.PlaceIndex(this, 'PlaceIndex');
placeIndex.grantSearch(role);
```

## Route Calculator

Route calculator resources allow you to find routes and estimate travel time based on up-to-date road network and live traffic information from your chosen data provider.

For more information, see [Routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/location/latest/developerguide/route-concepts.html).

> To create a place index, define a `RouteCalculator`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a route calculator, define a `RouteCalculator`:
```

```ts
new location.RouteCalculator(this, 'RouteCalculator', {
  routeCalculatorName: 'MyRouteCalculator', // optional, defaults to a generated name
  dataSource: location.DataSource.HERE, // optional, defaults to Esri
});
```

Use the `grant()` or `grantRead()` method to grant the given identity permissions to perform actions

> on the place index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the route calculator:
```
